# PetConnect

## Introduction

- PetConnect is a virtual pet management application designed to help users reduce their mobile phone usage time.

## Instructions for use

- Requirements
  - Expo CLI
  - Node.js
  - Supported Platforms: Android and iOS (physical devices or simulators).
 
- Installation
  - Clone the repository:
    - git clone https://github.com/AuroraWhisperer/4352-Team18.git
    - cd 4352-Team18
  - Install Expo:
    - npm install --global expo-cli
  - Install SDK Packages:
    - npm install expo-camera
    - npm install expo-checkbox
    - npm install expo-font
    - npm install expo-image-picker
    - npm install expo-splash-screen
    - npm install expo-status-bar
    - npm install react-native-dropdown-picker
    - npm install react-native-gesture-handler
    - npm install react-native-get-random-values
    - npm install react-native-image-picker
    - npm install react-native-keyboard-avoiding-scroll-view
    - npm install react-native-keyboard-aware-scroll-view
    - npm install react-native-keyboard-controller
    - npm install react-native-linear-gradient
    - npm install react-native-pager-view
    - npm install react-native-paper
    - npm install react-native-progress
    - npm install react-native-reanimated
    - npm install react-native-safe-area-context
    - npm install react-native-screens
    - npm install react-native-svg
    - npm install react-native-tab-view
    - npm install react-native-uuid
    - npm install react-native-vector-icons

- Running the Application
  - Run on Mobile Devices (Recommended)
      - Start the Expo development server:
        - npx expo start
      - Open the Expo Go app on your Android or iOS device, scan the QR code generated by Expo, and the app should load on your device.
  - Run on Simulator
    - iOS Simulator: Press i after running npx expo start.
    - Android Emulator: Press a after running npx expo start.

- Start
    - Go to the main page: Click "Start".
    - For new users, click "Sign Up for Family".
    - For existing users, click "Sign In".
    - If users want to sign up with family code, then click "Have a family code?"
    - Sign Up:
      - Enter username, password, email and the number of children. (Registration Success)
      - Name your pet and family.
      - Answer some questions about your family information (child's age and gender).
      - Get the family code for other family members and return to the sign in page.
    - Sign In: Enter your username and password.

- Home Screen: 
    Users can track daily time spent, see upcoming goals, and check diamonds that users have.

- Menu Screen:
    Users can check their pet's profile (name, gender, age). Also, users can check their level, progress to next level, pet's rating, and condition.

- Pocket Screen:
    Users can see items that they bought for their pets. If they don't have any items, then they can click "go shopping" to buy some items.

- Goal Screen:
  - Managing goals: Users can set, view, and track family-oriented goals (e.g., family dinner, sports time) with time for each activity.
  - Completing goals: Users can complete the goals by adding a photo with optional diary (users can get more rewards) to document family activities and get a reward.  
    
- Shop Screen: 
    Users can use points to buy virtual items (clothes, accessories, food, toys, furniture) for their pet.

- Profile Screen: 
    Users can view their profile and family details, including history (past activities they completed).

- Pet Care: 
    Users can manage their pet’s happiness, hunger, and health by interacting with the pet or buying items from the store.


- Limitations
  - Offline Access: The app currently requires an internet connection for all features to work as expected.
 

## Three Task

- Simple tasks
Set shared family goals for time spent together.

- Moderate tasks
Post photos and write diaries to get diamonds for reward.

- Complex tasks
Use your diamonds to buy some items for your pet and use them to care for a pet with your family.
